Explain why the Express tutorial uses require rather than import (#32733)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/server-side/express_nodejs/skeleton_website/index.md

### www file

The file **/bin/www** is the application entry point! The very first thing this does is `require()` the "real" application entry point (**app.js**, in the project root) that sets up and returns the [`express()`](https://expressjs.com/en/api.html) application object.

> `require()` is a global node function that is used to import JavaScript scripts into the current file.

Reviewer: I think it might be useful to mention CommonJS:

```suggestion
`require()` is the [CommonJS way](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html to import JavaScript code, JSON, and other files into the current file.
```

> `require()` is the [CommonJS way](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html to import JavaScript code, JSON, and other files into the current file.

Author: ```suggestion
`require()` is the [CommonJS way](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html) to import JavaScript code, JSON, and other files into the current file.
```

const app = require("../app");
```

> > **Note:** Nodejs 14 and later also have stable support for the ES6 `import` statement for importing JavaScript (ECMAScript) modules.

Author: Hmmm. The "stable support" wording was deliberate - support was available earlier than v14 but experimental. I think the distinction is unnecessary here, so I'll take your wording thanks.

> To use this feature you have to add `"type": "module",` to your Express **package.json** file, all the modules in your application have to use `import` rather than `require()`, and for _relative imports_ you must include the file extension (for more information see the [Node documentation](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html#introduction)).

> > While there are benefits to using `import`, this tutorial uses `require()` in order to match the official Express documentation.

Reviewer: Maybe we link to this?

```suggestion
> While there are benefits to using `import`, this tutorial uses `require()` in order to match [the Express documentation](https://expressjs.com/en/starter/hello-world.html).
```
